# zkSync Era JavaScript Examples

Examples are made to demonstrate how [zksync-ethers](https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync-ethers)
SDK can be used for development. The examples demonstrate how to:

1. Deposit ETH from Ethereum to zkSync Era.
2. Transfer ETH on zkSync Era.
3. Transfer ETH on zkSync Era using paymaster to pay fee with another token.
4. Withdraw ETH from zkSync Era to Ethereum.
5. Withdraw ETH from zkSync Era to Ethereum using paymaster to pay fee with another token.
6. Finalize withdrawal transaction on Ethereum.
7. Deposit token from Ethereum into zkSync Era.
8. Transfer token on zkSync Era.
9. Transfer token on zkSync Era using paymaster to pay fee with another token.
10. Withdraw token from zkSync Era to Ethereum.
11. Withdraw token from zkSync Era to Ethereum to pay fee with another token.
12. Deploy a smart contract using create method.
13. Deploy a smart contract with constructor using create method.
14. Deploy a smart contract with dependency using create method.
15. Deploy a smart contract using create2 method.
16. Deploy a smart contract with constructor using create2 method.
17. Deploy a smart contract with dependency using create2 method.
18. Deploy custom token on zkSync Era using create method.
19. Deploy custom token on zkSync Era using create2 method.
20. Deploy smart account using create method.
21. Deploy smart account using create2 method.
22. Use paymaster to pay fee with token.

Smart contract deployment use already generated bytecodes and ABIs and go bindings.
There is a [user guide](../solidity/README.md) on how those artifacts
are generated. Same approach can be used to generate required artifact
for other smart contracts.

## Setup

```shell
yarn install
```
